https://codepen.io/samanthajonesatwork/pen/wvzgxKa

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to structure and create  a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  An attribut modifies the main function of an element. We put it between an opening and a closing tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? An H tag is used for a main heading or title and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. IMG includes an image, and src includes a url/location.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? stylesheets, titles, metadata
    7. What is an id? An id gives an attribute a unique value
    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can add an ID to any HTML element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? A class is a group of elements and usually cooincides with a stylesheet
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any html
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? There is no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add '_blank' after link
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? It is a description on the image link in case image link doesn't work properly
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section defines sections, div breaks lines or divides sections within section
    17. What is CSS used for? css is used to decorate or make html look good on a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? Put the tag between anchors, such as <h2>
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one? id can only be used once (maybe a title), class can be used multiple times (maybe different paragraphs)
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? (.)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector and everything below it in its section. This may be useful when styling paragraphs with lists.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? specifies state of a selected element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? .uppercase, .lowercase, .capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*comment here*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? whereami
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm test.test  >  ls
    34. Why should I use version control? It tracks all changes and prevents conflict
    35. How often should I commit to github? as needed, often enough to where there will be no conflict
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin firstname-lastname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.  fork > clone > branch > add > commit > push >pull

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline does not force a new line, block does
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? other elements treat it like it doesn't exist (RUDE!)
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? not sure
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default. (div, h1, p)(span, img)(nav)
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? Box model is how html elements are displayed, can be altared in css

